Add datalab notebook (#50)
cleanlab/examples: datalab_image_classification/README.md

> # Detecting issues in an image classification dataset (Caltech-256) with Datalab and a Swin Transformer model.
> 
> This example demonstrates cleanlab's Datalab class for auditing an image dataset.
> 
> It is split into two notebooks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Detecting issues in an image classification dataset (Caltech-256) with Datalab

This example uses cleanlab's Datalab class to audit an image dataset. Here we run Datalab with a Swin Transformer model trained for classification.

There are two notebooks:
```
